Add the naive bayes Optuna DB (#23)
asreview/asreview-optuna: asreview2-opt/completed_runs/README.md

# Completed Runs

> To visualize the completed runs use `optuna-dashboard sqlite:///nb_db.sqlite3`

Author: ```suggestion
To visualize the completed runs use `optuna-dashboard sqlite:///[DB FILENAME]`
```
